= Here in my garage =

{{{class="lambo"
                          `,*soozc\?^;~,'-````````                              
             '::_,  `';cwgQ@@@@@@@@@@@@@QQ#RKPaFv/?;:,'.-```                    
            `|DQN&wRQ@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@QQgKv;,*Lv/r^;,,.         
        `_:_:::>cuPDQ@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@O;;.`,sQQ8Od&i;?L^:,` 
      ';rrr\*rr^^^;;;;|xebNQQ@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@D;;````iQ@@Q9wo;:|ve* 
    `_:';\lc|||||??=r^;;:::::_:;>\7xuoUDNQQQQQQQQQQQ@@@@@@D:~_```?EUXPkj^:~,'.  
   `:/-';,;ziL//\|>r^^^^;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;:::::::::;;;;^^>?>,'`,`,@NB#gH}r:,,,,' 
   r=sr~;|vcsJvL\|?**=>>rrr>**=>>>>>>>rr^^^^^^rrr**?||||??*r^:~:mg'':\SQ@N^,,|x 
  :oucLc(vl?]Sjuu}v/\/\||////\\\\\|||||????|Li(\zsz{zL{/\|>^;:ug^;*zFjQ@@@Q;?M@ 
  e#@@QRhSzvvvvvvsut7/7lzvl|(juF{z7lllL/icljou\ ?|>;?/|*r;;;;jK@el\i]R@@@@@Sq#a 
 ~gN@@@@@@@Q#HkaFzzvccvvvvLvJx]fjSoS2]ivvzzz{z;:vej\?>r^;;;;JKDQZzJjP@@@@@#{#N; 
 (N#bQ@@@@@@@@@@@@QQgd9hmZoyjuFF]}xzvvvvvvv(l((vi\||\/Lii?;|MRODf]jmB@@@@Q]PUH' 
.:vSeHQ@@QQQ@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@QQ@QQQQQQQQQQQBBB#Hotzv7lvcLkQbOo(l/iXQ@QMh9qmu  
  .:vKNNNQQQQ@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@QPvvJfL?uMMsZ\;:^i{jjZZRQR8;  
`rXNQ@@@@@@@@@QQQQQQOgQ@@@@@@@@@@@R9&Q@QQQQ@@@QWODNQ9oz\LoBReZj}]jujjuf2k8WO{`  
  `:|{eO#Q@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@QQQQQQQQQNa}e6ORMNNk]Li29mjvzsxRQ6XMSZqOHM#Q@@QBb]:   
          .~;?vfZ6HNQQ@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@QQBNgRHOq6PmmmmXE6qHBUKfQQ#6u\^:'`        
                       `',;^|it2wqR#Q@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@Nvz"                 
                                      `-,:;*/zjekORbUejz|;'                     
}}}

> But you know what? Something happened that changed my life. I bumped into a Lamborghini and another Lamborghini and a few more Lamborghinis. I found 🖐️ Lamborghinis.

-- _Tai Lopez and his Lamborghini up in the Hollywood Hills_

== What is this? ==

This is a wiki. Most of the ideas are half baked, at best.

== Portfolio ==

Below is a list of projects I have worked on or am working on.

* [[Uniswap UI with Svelte]]
* [[Vimwiki Github Action]]
* [[WebAlert NFT]]

== Decentralized ==

* [[WTF is a DAO]]
* [[Zero Knowledge]]

== Bounties ==

Bounties I am interested in, working on, or worked on.

* [[BadgerDAO - Revamp Sett.Vision Into The Portfolio View]]

== Watching ==

Stuff I am keeping an eye on but probably not working on directly

* [[MetaFam/Mimis]]
* [[Sourcecred/sourcecred]]
* [[RabbitHole]]
* [[Moonshot Collective]]
* [[https://www.upupland.xyz/|upupland]] - view into various crypto projects

== Conference Notes ==

=== Smart Contract Summit 1 (2021 ===

* [[/conference/smartconsummit1/The Smart Contract Stack: Powering DAOs|The Smart Contract Stack: Powering DAOs]]
* [[/conference/smartconsummit1/Hitchhiker's Guide to the EVM|Hitchhiker's Guide to the EVM]]
* [[/conference/smartconsummit1/Building Secure Smart Contracts|Building Secure Smart Contracts]]
* [[/conference/smartconsummit1/Smart Contract Developer Speedrun|Smart Contract Developer Speedrun]]]
* [[/conference/smartconsummit1/An Optimistic Build|An Optimistic Build]]
* [[/conference/smartconsummit1/Decentralized Climate Data, Parametric Insurance, and Oracles: How Smart Contracts and Blockchain Can Help Farmers and Businesses Fight Climate Change|Decentralized Climate Data, Parametric Insurance, and Oracles: How Smart Contracts and Blockchain Can Help Farmers and Businesses Fight Climate Change]]
* [[/conference/smartconsummit1/DeFi Distributed: Building Up and Down the DeFi Stack|DeFi Distributed: Building Up and Down the DeFi Stack]]
* [[/conference/smartconsummit1/More Building Blocks: The Next Generation of Money Legos|More Building Blocks: The Next Generation of Money Legos]]
* [[/conference/smartconsummit1/Evolution of the Metaverse: Building Bridges to the Real World|Evolution of the Metaverse: Building Bridges to the Real World]]

== Misc ==

* [[Idea list]]
* [[Read later]]
* [[Quests]]

== Scratchpad ==
